Abstract 77 (#163)
SW709E19/Report: report/abstract.tex

This project is about the development of a system capable of collecting and storing data from industrial production machines in order to verify if predictive maintenance is applicable within a given use case.
The project was developed in collaboration with a consultancy company, Neurospace ApS, who proposed the project idea and provided guidance throughout the project by their CEO acting as a Product Owner as defined by the Scrum framework.

> The data was collected by the use of sensors attached to micro controllers (ESP32). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data was collected by the use of sensors attached to microcontrollers (ESP32). 
```

> These micro controllers were able to forward their data to a nearby gateway (Raspberry Pi) using Wi-Fi. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These microcontrollers were able to forward their data to a nearby gateway (Raspberry Pi) using Wi-Fi. 
```
